Add useful link to config docs (#2447)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/config.md

}}
```

> For more information about valid arguments to use, see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review [Model configurations](/reference/model-configs) for examples and more information on valid arguments.
```
